fix(M&B): Apply metering and billing plugin as the default method (#5054)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_how-tos/ai-gateway/meter-llm-traffic.md

    value: $OPENAI_API_KEY
{% endentity_examples %}

## Configure the Metering & Billing plugin

> In {{site.metering_and_billing}}, meters track and record the consumption of a resource or service over time. Configure the Metering & Billing plugin to emit LLM token usage events to {{site.metering_and_billing}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In {{site.metering_and_billing}}, meters track and record the consumption of a resource or service over time. The following configures the Metering & Billing plugin to emit LLM token usage events to {{site.metering_and_billing}}.
```

    value: $OPENAI_API_KEY
{% endentity_examples %}

## Configure the Metering & Billing plugin

In {{site.metering_and_billing}}, meters track and record the consumption of a resource or service over time. 
The following configures the Metering & Billing plugin to emit LLM token usage events to {{site.metering_and_billing}}:

<!--vale off-->
{% entity_examples %}
entities:
  plugins:
    - name: metering-and-billing
      service: example-service
      config:
        ingest_endpoint: https://us.api.konghq.com/v3/openmeter/events
        api_token: ${AUTH_TOKEN}
        meter_api_requests: false
        meter_ai_token_usage: true
        subject:
          look_up_value_in: consumer
variables:
  AUTH_TOKEN:
    value: $AUTH_TOKEN
    description: A {{site.konnect_short_name}} system account token (`spat_`) with the Metering Ingest role.
{% endentity_examples %}

> <!--vale on-->

Reviewer 2: The same applies here as what I wrote below for the API GW Metering. This guide currently does not describe how to setup a Meter for metering AI GW metered events. A meter is needed to for the consumption to be actually tracked on the subscription.

Reviewer 2: Here the "LLM Tokens" meter template would be appropriate.

<img width="2032" height="1687" alt="Screenshot 2026-05-07 at 12 28 50" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/368ecd0f-2afa-4ee7-9374-5dd15486e3c1" />
